instruction.md, before:

# NovaTech Solutions - Local Development Instructions

Follow these steps to run the application locally.

## Prerequisites

- Node.js (v16 or higher recommended)
- npm or yarn

## Installation

1.  **Clone or Download** the project files to your local machine.

2.  **Install Dependencies**:
    Open a terminal in the project root directory and run:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```
    (Or `yarn install` if you prefer Yarn)

## Configuration

This application uses the Google Gemini API for the chatbot feature. You need to set up your API key.

1.  **Get a Gemini API Key**: Visit [Google AI Studio](https://aistudio.google.com/) to obtain an API key.

2.  **Set Environment Variable**:
    The application looks for the API key in `process.env.API_KEY`.
    
    If using a bundler like **Vite** (recommended for this setup):
    Create a `.env` file in the root directory:
    ```env
    VITE_API_KEY=your_actual_api_key_here
    ```
    *Note: If using Vite, you may need to update `components/AIChatbot.tsx` to use `import.meta.env.VITE_API_KEY` instead of `process.env.API_KEY`, or configure your bundler to define `process.env.API_KEY`.*
    
    If using **Create React App** (Webpack):
    Create a `.env` file:
    ```env
    REACT_APP_API_KEY=your_actual_api_key_here
    ```
    *And update code to use `process.env.REACT_APP_API_KEY`.*

    **For this specific code provided**, assuming a standard bundler setup that injects `process.env.API_KEY`:
    Ensure your build tool (like Vite via `define` or Webpack's `DefinePlugin`) replaces `process.env.API_KEY` with your key string.

## Running the App

Start the development server:

```bash
npm start
```
(Or `npm run dev` depending on your `package.json` scripts)

The application should now be running at `http://localhost:3000` (or similar port).

## Build for Production

To create a production-ready build:

```bash
npm run build
```

This will generate a `dist/` or `build/` folder containing the static files.

Commit message:

feat: Initialize project and add AI chatbot dependencies
Sets up the project structure and dependencies for the NovaTech Solutions website. This includes:

- Initializing project with React, TypeScript, and Vite.
- Adding core dependencies like React Router, Lucide React, and the Google GenAI library.
- Configuring Vite for React and environment variable handling (API_KEY).
- Updating `tsconfig.json` and `index.html` for project setup.
- Enhancing the Footer component with a subscription form and integrating 'lucide-react' icons.
- Modifying the AIChatbot to use the Google GenAI library and environment variables for the API key.
- Updating instruction.md to reflect new installation and configuration steps.

instruction.md, after:

# NovaTech Solutions - Local Development Instructions

Follow these steps to run the application locally.

## Prerequisites

- Node.js (v16 or higher recommended)
- npm (Node Package Manager)

## Installation

1.  **Clone or Download** the project files to your local machine.
    Ensure you have `package.json`, `vite.config.ts`, `tsconfig.json`, `index.html` and the `src` files (or root files as structured).

2.  **Install Dependencies**:
    Open a terminal in the project root directory and run:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

## Configuration

This application uses the Google Gemini API for the chatbot feature.

1.  **Get a Gemini API Key**: Visit [Google AI Studio](https://aistudio.google.com/) to obtain an API key.

2.  **Set Environment Variable**:
    Create a `.env` file in the root directory:
    ```env
    API_KEY=your_actual_api_key_here
    ```
    *Note: The vite.config.ts is configured to read this key and provide it to the app as `process.env.API_KEY`.*

## Running the App

**IMPORTANT**: Do not open `index.html` directly in your browser. You must start the local development server to resolve module imports.

Start the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# OR
npm start
```

The application should now be running at `http://localhost:5173`. Open this URL in your browser.

## Troubleshooting

- **Error: Failed to resolve module specifier "react/jsx-runtime"**: This means you are opening the HTML file directly instead of using `npm run dev`.
- **Error: process is not defined**: Ensure you are running the latest version of the code provided, which handles environment variables via Vite.

## Build for Production

To create a production-ready build:

```bash
npm run build
```

This will generate a `dist/` folder containing the compiled static files.
